♪♪♪
LIZ:
Our suspect is patient. calm.
He likely spends hours
scouting the prey.
He's only interested in big men.
Ones who are hard to take down.
like the big bucks in the wild.
Now. you're looking
for an incredibly smart offender...
...highly organized.
White male. likely 35 to 40.
It is the sport that he's seduced by.
the ritual of the hunt.
When he does finally make his move.
it happens fast...
...striking. blitz-style attack.
most never see coming.
His heart-shot prey rarely make it
over 100 feet before bleeding out.
That moment is everything to him.
The rush of control.
The typical mutilation killer focuses
on a specific area of the anatomy...
...that suits their interest.
The face. the eyes or mouth...
...the extremities. hands.
breasts. genitalia. But this one's different.
He's interested in total domination
of the body.
He guts them. removing the organs
with surgical precision...
...but then leaving them in a pile.
But these aren't sex crimes...
...which indicates they are instead
crimes of domination...
...an effort on his part
to gain control over men...
...who.
based on their physical similarities...
...represent a man
who once had dominance over him.
A father. an older brother.
It is my belief that the Deer Hunter
is. in fact. a very slight. rather weak man.
Yes. blue shirt.
They say he takes a souvenir.
It's not a souvenir.
It's a final act of domination.
While his prey's body is still warm...
...he carves out the liver
and takes a single ceremonial bite.
♪♪♪
Man. we had a deal.
I testify against Keen and her husband...
...I tell you how they killed
the harbormaster. and I walk.
When the trial's over. Until then.
you're being charged as an accessory.
I told you everything.
Yeah. And because of that...
...you're gonna be the star witness in the
murder trial of FBI Agent Elizabeth Keen.
You're gonna testify in open court.
testify before the grand jury.
You're gonna be deposed
until you're blue in the face.
And if you change your story
by so much as a comma...
...your immunity deal will be voided...
...and you're gonna go to prison
for the rest of your life. Am I clear?
Yeah.
[PHONE RINGS]
- Yes?
MAN: Sorry I cut our previous call short.
I was not confident
the line was secure.
- Tell me your name.
- Not yet.
Then you have me at a disadvantage.
Yes.
Alan Fitch directed me to that safe.
Your number was inside.
He wanted us to talk. Why?
What does he want me to know?
- It is happening.
- What is?
- What's happening?
- No. not like this. In person.
Two p.m. tomorrow.
Broadway and 92nd.
Center island. south side.
A graduate seminar.
Was there a slide show?
- We need to talk about the Fulcrum.
- I told you. I don't know anything about it.
Elizabeth. one of the reasons
I'm still alive is due to my love of reading.
Whether it be words on a page
that reveal the author's thoughts...
...emotions. imagination...
...or whether it be people
in conversation...
...to ignore what they say...
...and instead read their expression...
...posture. their gesture.
Lizzy. you're lying.
I'm not.
What if we made a deal?
I help you find your serial killer.
and you tell me about the Fulcrum.
You're not even interested
in serial killers.
True. I find them unimaginative
and woefully predictable.
But I am interested in the cases
that you and the FBI have wrong.
- Wrong?
- The most critical assumption...
...you're making
about the Deer Hunter is wrong.
Do we have a deal or not?
This brute they call the Deer Hunter
isn't a buck at all...
...but instead a delicate doe.
- A woman?
- I disagree with you.
Okay. But your killer attacks
from a distance...
...indicating the predator's smaller.
perhaps unable to overpower their prey.
Men tend to kill in close proximity.
Strangulation. blunt instrument.
a knife.
By contrast.
women tend to favor weapons...
...that can be used from further away.
Poison. a gun. a crossbow.
Richard Kuklinski was 6'5".
300 pounds...
...and one of his favorite weapons
of choice was cyanide.
Yes. but male serial killers...
...are predominantly.
overwhelmingly sexually sadistic.
In this case. there is not the slightest
indication of a sexual motive.
Aileen Wuornos was a prostitute
who lured her victims...
...in with the promise of sex.
The Deer Hunter has been active
for over a decade...
...from the truck driver in Des Moines
in 2003...
...to the doorman in Adams Morgan
last night.
That's 12 years.
The average length of a killing spree
for a man is two. perhaps three.
Yes. Agent Keen.
for every rule there is an exception.
Each factor. taken separately.
is not conclusive...
...but put them together and it's clear...
...you haven't found your man
because he's a woman.
ARAM:
Agent Keen. the ME called.
He just finished his autopsy
on the latest victim.
I used to have a teeming mane
just like that.
Oh. heh.
Thank you.
RYERSON:
Every kill is identical.
Same clean incisions
at the stomach and the liver...
...same knots binding the anus.
No variations?
When field dressing's done well.
it's like an autopsy.
The way he opens subjects.
I wanna show you...
RESSLER:
What is it?
I left that body covered.
The hallway. That was him.
He was at my lecture.
RESSLER:
Hey. you! Brown coat. stop!
- Hands where I can see them!
- Okay. okay. Just my phone!
- Hands!
- Okay.
It's just my phone. okay?
♪ Say mighty-night and kiss me ♪
♪ Just hold me tight
And tell me you miss me ♪
[CHIRPS]
Stop looking at me like that.
I'm fine.
[SLOW SONG
PLAYING OVER RADIO]
I'll be fine.
It's not--
I don't like it any more than you do.
But someone has to do this.
Ripped By mstoll
This is Chad Henning.
Mommy has to go across town
to see him.
To see Chad Henning.
♪♪♪
I won't be long.
What were you doing
in the ME's office?
I told you. I write Metro Crime Diary.
That's why I was at your lecture.
Research.
No research in that rag sheet.
It's gossip and innuendo.
So. what were you really doing there?
You used fake credentials
to get into the ME's office.
You took my phone. You know
all I was doing was taking pictures.
You're obsessed with serial killers.
You write about them all the time.
How do we know
you're not the Deer Hunter?
- You're not looking for the Deer Hunter.
- What's that supposed to mean?
The first six victims.
Mark Rodgers through Perry Holloman...
...he was experimenting.
The field dressing became cleaner.
he switched from a folder to a field blade.
We didn't overlook.
He was learning. evolving.
Evolving implies
that he wanted to improve.
You saying he didn't?
The techniques and incisions used
on the last six victims are all identical.
The Deer Hunter loved to explore.
No way he would repeat himself.
- You think we're dealing with a copycat.
- The Deer Hunter is an artist.
The guy you're looking for is a forger.
[PHONE BUZZES]
LIZ: Keen.
- Agent Keen?
It's Detective Wilcox. I don't know if you
remember. We spoke some time ago.
Yes. detective.
I remember you were looking...
...into the disappearance
of the D.C. harbormaster.
Yeah.
It's not a missing-persons case anymore.
We recovered the body.
I'm sorry to hear that.
I was hoping for better news.
Yeah. Ahem. well. I need you to tell me
what you know.
I'd like to. but as I told you. the reason
I contacted the harbormaster...
...the case I was working on at the time.
it's classified.
That's not gonna fly anymore.
See. the thing is. recovering the body
is not the only development in the case.
I also found Samuel Aleko.
He places you at the scene.
Agent Keen.
You and your ex-husband.
He tells quite a story.
Says the two of you
are stone-cold killers.
Even if I wanted to answer questions.
before I could talk. you'd need to get--
A federal judge to rule that
my investigation supersedes your case.
It's in the works.
An AUSA's gonna sit down
with Mr. Aleko. hear what he has to say.
And I have no doubt that.
as a result of that conversation...
...a petition's gonna be filed
in federal court...
...requesting
that I have complete access...
...to any of your allegedly
classified information.
This conversation is over.
Well. I think it's just beginning.
♪♪♪
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
- Hello. Edgar.
- Mr. Reddington.
Samuel Aleko will be transferred
tomorrow afternoon.
That's not gonna work.
You asked to talk to the guy.
This is the window.
He leaves the V street station
between 2 and 4.
You have to reschedule.
There's somewhere else I need to be.
You know I'd do anything for you.
Mr. Reddington...
...but. I mean. this thing's in motion.
This is the window. It is what it is.
- Cinnamon-nut crumble?
- Brown-sugar pecan.
Oh. my.
Lucinda knows how you love her cake.
Oh. I do. Mmm.
Be well. Edgar. and tell Lucinda if she
ever leaves you. I'd like to marry her.
Just remember.
tomorrow between 2 and 4.
I've been through every case file. I'll be
damned if Kruse doesn't have a point.
The last six kills are identical.
We assumed because
he'd perfected his craft.
No room for improvement.
The more I look at it.
the more I think we're wrong.
That there really is a copycat.
I just can't prove it.
- What is it?
- What? Nothing.
Come on. Keen. What is it?
I know you. Where's your head?
That cop. the one investigating
the harbormaster?
He's got evidence.
He found the body.
And the witness.
- Did he talk?
- I think he did. yes.
- It's your word against his.
- I've hidden for as long as I can...
...told him I couldn't talk
because it was classified...
...but he's taking the case
to a federal judge.
Tom is the one who killed this guy.
But I was there.
- I should have--
- What. stopped him?
- Liz. you tried.
- They'll have enough to arrest me.
Then go to Cooper.
ask him to talk to the AUSA.
Last thing he wants
is some cop poking around...
...asking questions about what we do.
Liz. listen to me.
Tom may have killed this guy...
...but "FBI agent goes to prison"
is the headline.
All they're gonna care about
is taking a bite out of y--
- That's it.
- What?
Kruse was right about the copycat.
I can prove it.
Sorry.
I don't mean to second-guess you.
Oh. Mary. please.
You have nothing to apologize for.
It's just my son...
If anything were to happen to me.
Nothing's going to happen to you
or your son.
It's entirely natural for you
to feel this way...
...to have second thoughts.
If you didn't. I'd be very concerned.
- If there was any other way--
- You've tried every other way.
You've been reasonable. worked
within the system. begged. pleaded.
- I know. but--
- Mary. look at me.
Is there evil in your life?
♪♪♪
- Yes.
- Is it not just and right to eliminate evil?
Say it.
- Yes.
- So...
...are you in or are you out?
I need to know...
...because if this comes back on me.
it's going to come back on us both.
Do you understand?
I'm in.
Well. that's good.
Then it's done.
ARAM:
I pulled the forensics like you asked...
...had the lab compare the bite marks
left on each liver...
...for the first six kills
with those from the last six.
- What are you doing?
- What? Nothing.
I'm updating the team.
RESSLER: Aram?
- Yeah?
- The bite marks.
- Right.
Turns out the distance measurements
on the upper arch...
...are 2.8 percent wider in the first
six victims than in the second six.
LIZ: Two different bites
of the proverbial apple.
Nice work. Ressler.
It's official.
we're looking for a copycat.
MEGAN: Do you have your glasses?
- Yes.
Mrs. Jost called me again
about you squinting at the blackboard.
- It's why you keep getting headaches.
- It's not the glasses.
- Mrs. Jost just has crappy handwriting.
- Language.
Okay. don't forget.
your father is gonna pick you up after--
Elsa. honey. what is it?
The bus is here.
Oh. my--
[WOMAN SIGHS]
♪♪♪
RESSLER:
We're very sorry for your loss.
LIZ:
How long were the two of you married?
Five years. together almost nine.
I just...
This can't be happening.
The Deer Hunter. right?
The killer on the news?
RESSLER:
We're limited in what we can disclose...
...but the Deer Hunter
has a very specific method.
The manner of death.
the treatment of the body...
...it's consistent with his profile.
MARY:
I knew something was wrong.
Chad works in construction.
and he didn't come home after work.
We have a son. He's only 4.
What am I supposed to tell him?
LIZ:
You tell him...
...we're gonna find whoever did this.
How? According to the papers.
you don't even have a suspect.
RESSLER: We have some promising
new theories.
Actually. one in particular.
This may not be the work
of the actual Deer Hunter.
- It's a copycat.
RESSLER: We shouldn't--
No. it's okay.
She deserves to know.
We're getting closer to the truth.
That's...
Thank you.
No. thank you.
We appreciate your time.
I can only imagine
how difficult this must be for you.
What the hell was that?
She was covering. I don't know what.
but that woman knows something.
I picked up on that. Since when do you
hand a person of interest your profile?
My profile is wrong.
Nothing specific connecting
the original Deer Hunter's victims...
...other than the physical.
But the copycat. his victims--
- Copycat's targeting a specific type?
- What if he is?
I had assumed
he was operating like the original.
But what if he chose those victims
based on a different unifying reason?
He could be masking his agenda. making
it look like the work of a different killer.
Maybe there's something
in the victims' histories.
- But how does Mary Henning fit in?
- Don't know yet.
But I rattled her.
We should let her stew
and take another run at her tomorrow.
[PHONE RINGING]
- Yes?
MAN: Who the hell are you?
- Mr. Reddington asked me to--
- Why are you wearing a sidearm?
- He needs to reschedule.
- That's not how it works.
I told him to come alone.
I gave very specific instructions.
Mr. Reddington's a man of his word.
If it were possible. he'd be here.
Wherever he is.
whatever the hell he's doing...
...I hope it's important.
[POLICE SIREN WAILING]
♪♪♪
What the hell's going on?
Hang tight. pal.
Ninety seconds.
[SIGHS]
When I was young.
I wanted to be able to dance...
...just like Gary Goddard. I still remember
going to the snowflake dance...
...and watching him for the first time.
That kid. man. he could move.
Won the eighth-grade talent show.
He was on the yell squad.
Gary even danced his way
into Helen Hummer's pants...
...and let me tell you.
that was like breaking into Fort Knox.
- Pops. who the hell are you?
- Then in the summer of '88...
...I saw Gary in the diaper aisle
at Safeway.
He looked like hell.
Gray. out of breath. fatigued.
Turns out Gary had a bicuspid valve.
needed a heart transplant.
He was on the wait list
until the day he died.
How long has Isaac been
on the list now?
- How do you know about my brother?
- Six months? A year? Two?
How long is he gonna have to wait?
They won't say.
I can get your brother a heart
within the week.
Best surgeons. best post-op care.
and it won't cost you a dime.
Why would you do that for me?
Because you're gonna do something
for me.
We found the link.
or at least what could be the link.
Seven victims. so we started over
with the most basic question.
RESSLER: "Do they know each other?"
- That theory died quickly.
Seven victims all from different states.
different ages.
No schools in common.
no family relations.
Not connected.
but something about them is?
Makes sense.
but everything we tried was a bust.
Maybe the one thing we know about the
victims is the one thing holding us back.
Maybe the victims aren't victims.
Not entirely.
ARAM: Joseph Riggs.
the copycat's second target.
The guy had a rap sheet...
...including a conviction
for misdemeanor menacing.
Pointed a knife at his girlfriend.
said he'd kill her if she left him.
Which brings us to target four.
Andrew Cosgrove.
Divorced from his second wife. Diane.
Transcript for a court proceeding
makes reference to a restraining order.
- That's two. What about the others?
- Number five. Judd Liggett.
No criminal record.
but before he was murdered...
...he was disciplined
by the program he was attending.
After complaints were made
by a female student.
Aggravated harassment. Nonstop
phone calls. stalking her in class.
Girl was terrified. but no charges were
filed. That's why it wasn't on our radar.
Stalkers. obsessive types. who get violent
when the women they want reject them.
That's what Mary Henning was hiding.
She was afraid of her husband.
Whoever killed him
might have been protecting her.
If we're right. these seven men had
dangerous fixations on seven women.
The copycat killer
was protecting those women.
But they were in different states. How'd
the killer know they were in danger?
Hang on. Diane Cosgrove got legal help
with her divorce from a local nonprofit.
Docket One. Student advocacy group
that went after Judd Liggett was called.
- Bright Voice.
- Bright-- Bright Voice.
They're both affiliates
of a national organization called...
Whitehaven Shelters.
DOBBINS: We are the largest nonprofit
victims' assistance association...
...in the U.S.
Every year. there are seven million
victims of harassment and stalking.
We help to provide those people
with legal. medical. social services.
Do you keep records?
DOBBINS: Of course. Why?
- It's our understanding these women...
...obtained aid
from your Whitehaven affiliates.
We'd like to know everything we could
about your interaction with them.
As you can imagine.
we take privacy very seriously here.
- You have a court order?
- We'll get one if necessary.
DOBBINS: Unless there's some danger
of imminent threat or harm...
- ...I don't feel--
- Familiar with Chad Henning?
- Name sounds familiar.
LIZ: It should.
His body was found hanging from a tree
this morning in Takoma Park.
You're talking
about the serial murders.
RESSLER:
Chad was the husband of Mary...
...who received legal counsel from
a free clinic provided by Whitehaven.
Names on that list were in relationships
with victims of the Deer Hunter.
LIZ: The other thing those seven women
have in common is your organization.
It's possible
the person committing these murders...
...interacted with these women
through Whitehaven.
We're gonna need a full list
of your employees and volunteers.
I'll get you everything.
Give me a few hours to put it together.
RESSLER:
Thank you.
♪♪♪
TRACY:
I know. I'm-- I'm overreacting. right?
I mean. I don't know
if she talked with the FBI.
But if Mary did talk...
...she'd expose everyone.
And I don't care about myself.
But the other women...
I have to do something. right?
You're right. I'm overreacting.
I should just relax.
She'd never betray me.
None of them would.
♪♪♪
ARAM: The last victim's wife.
the one you let stew...
...you did a great job. She is boiling over.
- She called?
Got off the phone with her.
She wants to talk.
Let's go. Keen.
If you're here because you wanna
give me more unsolicited advice--
Tempting as that may be.
I'm here to speak to Agent Mojtabai.
No one ever calls me that.
Aram. I need your assistance
locating the source of a call...
...that was placed to a pay phone
at 92nd and Broadway.
- I need a warrant.
- You won't need a warrant.
- I won't need a warrant.
- This is the number.
The call was placed
at exactly 2 p.m. yesterday.
- Aram?
- Yes.
I can't stress enough
the urgency of this matter.
[KNOCKS ON DOOR]
MARY:
Thank you for coming. I--
Tracy. hello.
I was expecting someone else.
We have a situation.
- What is it? What happened?
- The FBI found the connection.
They came to Whitehaven.
asking for the names of every employee.
The FBI. they came.
but I didn't say anything. I promise.
Who were you expecting?
Friends for book club.
Oh. you're lying.
It's you.
You're the weak link.
After what you've done for me. for us?
Tracy. honestly. before you.
I was in a desperate situation.
You saw the marks.
He threatened to kill me.
I tried the police. all the right channels.
and no one lifted a finger.
I'm grateful to you.
I would never betray you.
You--
RESSLER:
Hello. Miss Henning?
♪ No matter how they toss the dice ♪
Miss Henning?
♪ The only one for me is you ♪
I'll take the back.
♪ So happy together ♪
♪ How is the weather? ♪
Miss Henning. FBI.
♪ So happy together ♪
♪ We're happy together X
[DOG BARKING]
♪ So happy together ♪
Miss Henning?
♪♪♪
♪ So happy together ♪
Keen!
Ah. it's gonna be okay.
It's gonna be okay.
♪♪♪
Think.
[GRUNTING AND GROANING]
♪♪♪
- Ressler get a visual from the witness?
- No. She's still unconscious.
Been screening service providers.
therapists. lawyers. doctors...
...anyone who's worked with the wives
of our victims.
- Someone connecting the women.
- I got nothing.
Then I took a look at Whitehaven's
employees and volunteers.
At one time or another.
victims' wives reached out...
...to one of Whitehaven's affiliates.
Legal. medical. financial.
how he's finding his victims.
All but one. Their husbands
were murdered by the copycat...
...after they sought help.
Except her. Tracy Solobotkin.
Her husband was the first victim
of our copycat...
...and she was hired over three months
after his death.
Why after?
Her problem was already solved.
She wanted to help women
who were still in bad relationships.
SAMAR:
Wanted to help other women end them.
Works in Accounting.
Gives her access to the names
of every woman who got assistance.
Perfect opportunity
to identify violent spouses.
- Target-rich environment.
- I'm on my way.
Get a BOLO out on all vehicles
registered to Tracy.
We got a code nine. Deploy
every available unit to her address.
TRACY:
I don't want to do this. but I have to.
Nobody can connect me to Maw
but you.
ME won't buy it. Victimology's all wrong.
The Deer Hunter killed men.
Heh. ls that what you call them? Men?
This wasn't supposed to happen
this way.
I didn't want to hurt Mary
or anybody else.
Anybody but them.
I understand.
- Maybe a jury will.
- That's what I said.
To the Deer Hunter. the real one.
He was my husband.
My God. His father was a bastard.
Pushing him. pushing him.
picking on him. cutting him down.
He didn't want to face what he was.
so he overcompensated.
Always pretending.
Macho. tough. Heh.
Trying too hard with the ladies.
but I knew.
After we got married. there's--
There's nothing that can hide that.
You'd think that after his father died.
that he'd come to grips with it.
He got angry. mean. isolated.
Every weekend on hunting trips.
That's what he called them.
- You had no idea.
TRACY: Uh-uh.
After the separation.
I was staying at my sister's.
I came by the house one night
to get my things.
I thought he was gone.
but he was in here. in the garage.
He had blood on his mouth.
on his clothes.
The Deer Hunter had been
all over the news.
So in that moment.
I knew what he'd done.
And I tried to leave. but...
But he came towards me.
He knew I knew
so he couldn't let me go.
And I'd never held a weapon.
I-- I--
I'd fended him off with a knife before.
but that?
I never held a bow.
Before I knew it. the arrow
went straight through his heart.
And I thought about calling the police.
turning myself in. but then I realized...
You could continue.
You could...
Well. yeah.
All those women Whitehaven had helped.
just like me.
I could give them their lives back
by becoming him.
And it's not easy. It's hard work.
It's filthy work. but it's worth it.
Just to he-- Just to see them scared
for a change...
...to hear them whimper and...
And-- And beg.
All the things after--
You know. with the cutting. the mess.
I hated it.
But I didn't have a choice.
I'm sick.
I know.
Disgusting.
But that's the way Ron did it.
So I have no choice.
Even from beyond the grave...
...he still pulls the strings.
Okay.
You gotta do what you gotta do.
But can you please.
please just do me one favor?
- Yes?
- Shut the hell up and get it over with.
What? You think I don't know
why you're really doing this?
You think I'm buying
this whole "justice for victims" crap?
- Well. it's true.
- Heh.
- You're just like your husband.
- I'm nothing like my husband.
You're exactly like him. Like all the sick.
psychopathic animals we lock up.
Oh. you haven't heard a word
that I've been saying.
I've heard every word.
"I could give them back their lives."
Why don't you just admit it?
You get off on killing people.
It doesn't matter if the victim's
a scumbag or a saint.
You get off just the same.
just like your husband.
♪♪♪
[GRUNTING]
Tom. no! Let me go!
RESSLER:
Keen! Keen! Stop.
Keen. don't.
♪♪♪
MAN [OVER DISPATCHER]: Dispatch.
we're approaching the vehicle at...
RESSLER: You okay?
- Yeah. Fine.
Back there. uh...
I can't do this.
Maybe you need some time.
a couple weeks.
- When was your last vacation?
- You're kidding. right?
I'd have killed her
if you hadn't shown up.
You would have done
what you had to do to survive.
- Same as on the boat.
- That was different. That was Tom.
- You tried to stop him.
- But I didn't.
I hesitated.
Maybe I thought for one second
it'd be better for me if he were dead.
- Liz--
- No. That man had a family.
He had a life.
♪♪♪
I'm gonna go to Wilcox.
- I'm gonna tell him everything.
- How many people are alive today...
...that wouldn't be
if it wasn't for the work that we do?
- Please.
- Fifty. a hundred? How many. Liz?
How many families haven't buried
a mother. a father. brother. sister?
- Children?
- That doesn't make it right.
No. It's never gonna be right.
See. the only question
is the body count.
So you go ahead
and you nail yourself to a cross.
While you're feeling sanctified. consider
how many people are gonna die...
...because this task force
gets shut down...
...and those animals on Reddington's
list are still out there feeding.
- Ressler--
- No. Don't.
Don't ask me to feel your pain. Liz.
I got more than enough of my own.
WILCOX: Do you. Samuel Aleko.
swear under penalty of perjury...
...that the following is true and correct?
- Yeah.
Please tell the U.S. Attorney
exactly what you told me...
...about Agent Elizabeth Keen's
involvement in the murder...
...of D.C. harbormaster Eugene Ames.
♪ Shaking the wings
Of their terrible youth ♪
Mr. Aleko?
♪ Freshly disowned
In some frozen devotion ♪
Let me remind you. you're under oath.
I don't remember.
♪ Looks like I strayed ♪
♪ To the arms that were open ♪
♪ No shortage of sordid ♪
You confessed
that Agent Keen was present...
...when the harbormaster was killed...
...and that she deliberately covered up
his death.
That's what you want me to say.
That's not how it was.
Dembe. Yes. Mr. Reddington said
I should call as soon as I traced the call.
Yes. I have an address.
3130 Sheridan Road. Park Slope.
I figured it out.
- What?
- What you're doing.
The hairline.
Guys don't get it.
Most women don't care if men go bald.
No. Did you think I--?
- You're sexy no matter what.
- I'm not going bald.
I just-- I have a high hairline.
Wait. what?
Did you just say that--?
Yep.
Just don't get fat.
♪ And her tongue so mean ♪
♪ She's the angel of small death ♪
♪ And the codeine scene ♪
Do you have a phone?
[LINE RINGING]
[PHONE BUZZING]
♪ With her sweetheart breath ♪
♪ And her tongue so mean ♪
♪ She's the angel of small death ♪
♪ And the codeine scene ♪
MAN:
Spare change?
- There you go.
MAN: God bless you. sir. Thanks.
Hey.
Gonna be a freeze tonight.
There's a place about two blocks up
called the Grant.
Give this to the guy in the cage.
Ronnie.
- He'll cut you a rate.
MAN: Thank you. officer.
Go get a shower.
Get yourself cleaned up.
MAN:
For sure.
- You all right?
LIZ: Yeah. Fine.
What were you thinking running after
a killer alone without backup?
- Are you scolding me?
- Yes.
Yes. I'm scolding you.
That was foolish. You could've been--
- Killed.
- Exactly that. Killed.
What are you gonna do? Ground me?
Take away my phone privileges?
You were right about the Deer Hunter.
- He was a man.
- And a woman.
We were both half right.
Together. we were right.
I have the Fulcrum.
♪♪♪
Tell me what it is.
and I'll tell you where to find it.
I've already told you what I can.
To elaborate would place you
in grave danger.
- I don't need your protection.
- Oh. I think you do.
If it weren't for me.
you would have been indicted today.
As it is. you needn't worry
about the harbormaster anymore.
What did you do?
Nobody was hurt.
if that's what you're concerned about.
In fact.
a young man's life was saved.
I don't wanna hear any more.
I'm leaving.
I believe I know the real reason
you don't want me to have the Fulcrum.
That is?
Because you're afraid...
...that once you give it to me.
you'll be of no further use to me...
...and you'll never see me again.
♪♪♪
Ripped By mstoll
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm